Mrs. Gu, why are you humming?
You're out looking for wild men
Cuckold my son
It's not too much for me to come to you today to settle the bill
You're honest
Don't think you're pretending to be so guilty
I will let you go
Strip him naked for me first
Mrs. Gu, I'm his ex-wife after all
You treat me like this
Aren't you afraid of damaging his reputation?
Ex-wife, you are divorced
Yes
Then when you were looking for wild men in the hotel
I don't care yet
I admit your mistake.
Then you don't have to do that, do you?
It's hard enough for me to charge
See how long you can handle it
Give me more force
The old lady feels too bad
This won't work.
Really dying
Miss Li
Don't pretend to be pitiful for me
I made a mistake and I'm not careless
The son already has a little life
He is innocent.
Madam, when you were a mother too
It should be understandable how I feel.
I beg you to let him live
You are pregnant
Is it the wild man's?
How dare you beg me?
Ah!